Add example for fetching mutating datasets (#144)
fatiando/pooch: doc/usage.rst

    print(pooch.file_hash("data/c137.csv", alg="sha512"))

> Fetching Mutating Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bypassing the hash check
```

> Fetching Mutating Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bypassing the hash check
```

    print(pooch.file_hash("data/c137.csv", alg="sha512"))

Bypassing the hash check
------------------------

Sometimes we might not know the hash of the file or it could change on the server
periodically. In these cases, we need a way of bypassing the hash check.
One way of doing that is with Python's ``unittest.mock`` module, and setting the

> hash value to ``ANY`` (a special object which passes all equality tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes we might not know the hash of the file or it could change on the server
periodically. In these cases, we need a way of bypassing the hash check.
One way of doing that is with Python's ``unittest.mock`` module. It defines the object
``unittest.mock.ANY`` which passes all equality tests made against it. To bypass the 
check, we can set the hash value to ``unittest.mock.ANY`` when specifying the 
``registry`` argument for :func:`pooch.create`.
```

> In this example, we are downloading a list of weather stations around Australia:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we want to use Pooch to download a list of weather stations around 
Australia. The file with the stations is in an FTP server and we want to store it locally 
in separate folders for each day that the code is run. The problem is that the 
``stations.zip`` file is updated on the server instead of creating a new one, so the 
hash check would fail. This is how you can solve this problem:

```

.. code:: python

    import datetime

>     from unittest import mock  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    import unittest.mock  
```

    import pooch

>     CURRENT_DATE = datetime.datetime.now().date()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Get the current data to store the files in separate folders
    CURRENT_DATE = datetime.datetime.now().date()
```

    
    GOODBOY = pooch.create(
        path=pooch.os_cache("bom_daily_stations") / CURRENT_DATE,
        base_url="ftp://ftp.bom.gov.au/anon2/home/ncc/metadata/sitelists/",

>         # Use `mock.ANY` for the hash value if you do not care that it changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Use ANY for the hash value to ignore the checks
```

        registry={

>             "stations.zip": mock.ANY,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "stations.zip": unittest.mock.ANY,
```

        },
    )

Pooch will fetch the files **once** per day, even if run multiple times. If you omit ``CURRENT_DATE`` from the path,

> then Pooch will only fetch the files once, unless they are deleted from the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because hash check is always ``True``, Pooch will only download the file once. When running 
again at a different date, the file will be downloaded again because the local cache folder 
changed and the file is no longer present in it. If you omit ``CURRENT_DATE`` from the cache 
path, then Pooch will only fetch the files once, unless they are deleted from the cache.
```

> **NOTE**: If run over a period of time, your cache directory will increase in size, as the files are stored in daily subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: 

    If run over a period of time, your cache directory will increase in size, as the 
    files are stored in daily subdirectories.
```
